Promote assumptions on loose docs (#2502)
babel/website: docs/plugin-proposal-class-properties.md

When `true`, class properties are compiled to use an assignment expression instead of `Object.defineProperty`.

> > ⚠️ Consider migrate to top level [`setPublicClassFields` assumptions](/assumptions#setPublicClassFields)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ Consider migrating to the top level [`setPublicClassFields`](/assumptions#setPublicClassFields) assumption
```

Do we need to put the version here?
Actually we should add that too https://babeljs.io/assumptions and https://babeljs.io/docs/en/options#assumptions? 7.13
